The reason why my Bai family broke off the marriage
It's all made by Luojia Factory
That wasn't my intention at all.
All the families your Bai family made friends with before Bai
This is all done by my Lu family
How dare you betray me now, Mr. Lu?
Don't be rich and stubborn
If you make a mistake, you will stand at attention and be beaten, apologize and beg for mercy
And this marriage
It was originally your Lu family who repaired first and retreated
That Zhou Xun
Oh no, not raw.
Sir, the return of my Wang family is also coordinated by the Ye family.
Please spare my Wang family's life
Wang Yueru, what do you mean?
War God Ye, please see from a distance that this punishment is too severe
Kneel down and beg for mercy
There's a silver lining.
This is if you die hard
I want to die without a corpse
Please let my Liu family go
And my Jiang family
And my Zhu family
beg for mercy
wishful thinking
There have been so many opportunities given to you that you do not cherish
Now one by one is suffering
Now it's like a dog.
Kneel down with your tail between your legs
Please
In front of playing hometown
But we have taken all the houses that should be collected.
Can't you just leave us alone?
Yes, we've already said sorry.
Can't you be quick with me?
Obviously you were wrong first
Now they are still wronged one by one
I'm sorry.
I just want to get rid of all the evil that came before
I'll tell you what.
Absolutely impossible
This is you moving into a rock and smashing yourself in the foot.
It's you who don't cry without seeing the coffin
Don't die until you reach the Yellow River